c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\boardgameshoppinglist.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\boardgameshoppinglist.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\boardgameshoppinglist.pdb
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\boardgameshoppinglist.dll
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\boardgameshoppinglist.pdb
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\additem.xml
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\boardgameshoppinglist.dll.mdb
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\android\assets\boardgameshoppinglist.dll.mdb
c:\users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\itemlist.xml
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\itemrowview.xml
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\drawable\die.png
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\itemdetails.xml
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\edititem.xml
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\res\layout\about.xml
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\com.boardgameshoppinglist.app.apk
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\bin\Debug\com.boardgameshoppinglist.app-Signed.apk
C:\Users\peter.boos\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\boardgameshoppinglist\boardgameshoppinglist\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.boardgameshoppinglist.app.apk
